Thanks.
You're Lily, right?
Yeah, and you're Sean.
Yeah, I've seen you around.
You play a good basketball.
Thanks.
So do you.
So you want to hang out some time?
Sure.
My name is Lily, and I sort of have this problem.
There's a boy named Sean that recently moved to our school.
I know I'm not supposed to like anyone who's not a witness.
The trouble was he is a witness.
Sean and his family moved into our congregation.
And the more I saw of him, the more I liked him.
Like I said, I had a problem.
Every day I see couples my age at school.
To me, they look happy.
Honestly, I wanted that happiness too.
My parents noticed my problem too.
And talked about it that night.
I'm pretty soon.
I didn't feel alone anymore.
The next day, my mom invited me to go with her to run an errand.
Afterward, we went to a little cafe.
She asked me how things were going.
At first, I didn't want to tell her.
But she made me feel really comfortable.
So I told her my feelings for Sean.
Expecting her to think that of me.
But she didn't.
Everything you're feeling is naturally.
I remember having the same feelings when I was your age too.
Really?
It's true.
That's just how Jehovah created us honey.
And because he created us, he knows the best way for us to be happy.
And that's all he wants for us.
And that's all daddy, and I want for you too.
She didn't scold me.
She didn't make me feel embarrassed.
And most importantly, she didn't seem to be in a rush.
My mom wasn't the only one helping me.
My dad was preparing to help me with my problem too.
That evening, we had family worship.
And once again, they just let me talk.
I told me I didn't have to hold back.
So I didn't.
I just don't know what to do.
Lily, thank you for telling us how you feel.
Let me ask you something.
Why do you think Jehovah created us with these natural feelings toward the opposite sex?
So that one day a man or woman can marry.
That's right.
In fact, a good marriage is like two skaters on the ice.
A beautiful performance can seem effortless, but is it really?
No.
No one would even attempt that without practice, a capable partner,
or the right kind of guidance, right?
Yeah.
Well, it's the same with a good marriage, sweetie.
It doesn't just happen.
It too depends on a good partner, coordinated effort,
but most importantly, wise counsel from Jehovah.
In fact, could you please turn with me to Psalm chapter 32 and verse 8,
and read that for us?
Sure.
It says, I will give you insight and instruct you in the way you should go.
I will give you advice with my eye upon you.
Lily, Jehovah loves us very much.
And if we listen to him, we'll make good decisions in our life
with absolutely no regrets.
We talk some more, and then I got some homework.
My dad gave me some articles he printed out for me to read.
So I did.
As I read the words and started meditating on them,
I realized something.
By holding off dating a little longer, I wasn't missing out.
Rather, I was preparing myself.
I could use the time now to focus on something much more important.
My relationship with Jehovah.
I could also gain Christian qualities and experience that will help me later
if I ever do get married.